How much did you earn?
More than 1,000. That's a lot.
Factory workers
You can't make that much money in a year at work.
I'm awesome
OK
So these are our startup funds.
Find a few skilled tailors for this part
How do you start measuring?
I can't do it alone.
How about these? Buy some sewing machines.
And this last part
It's us in a few days.
I need the money for the fabric.
But it's just a small clothing store.
What if you can't sell that much after mass production?
Don't underestimate this clothing store
This is us going national
It's the bedrock of the world.
I'm relying on him to become C1
I am taller than Xue, richer and more handsome, and I am on my way to the peak of my life
Who to marry
Bah
Don't worry.
I'm well prepared
Besides group buying?
There are multiple actors.
As long as the mind doesn't slide
There are more solutions than difficulties
Look, who is giving it away for free?
Private custom membership recharge
So many great ideas, how did you come up with them?
Of course never in a hurry
Don't worry about me, Xiaohongshu thinks about him by himself
Read more books in your own golden house
By the way, go to bed early.
Will the psychological conference be busy in a few days?
Jiang Li, what other surprises do you have? I don't know.